Prepare for 1.7.0 (#1672)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.7.0
* Fixed forwarding security certificates for Network inspector on Windows [#1661](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1661)

> * Improved expo dependencies management: now [setup](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native#configure-dependencies-versions-for-debugging-expo-projects) of all packages versions is located in one object [#1665](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1665)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved expo dependencies management: moved [configuration](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native#configure-dependencies-versions-for-debugging-expo-projects) of all packages versions to the `react-native.expo.dependencies` parameter [#1665](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1665)
```
